#Requires AutoHotkey v2.0

; Attachments and Information
::att::I’ve attached…  ; Use when you've attached a file
::pfa::Please find [file] attached.  ; Use when directing attention to an attached file
::doc::Here’s the document you asked for.  ; Use when providing a requested document
::min::More information is available at [website].  ; Use when referring to additional info online

; Requests and Inquiries
::cpl::Could you please...?  ; General polite request
::fom::Can you please fill out this form?  ; Requesting form completion
::ihp::It would be very helpful if you could send us/me...  ; Expressing need for assistance

; Asking for Clarifications
::idu::I didn't/don't fully understand [something]. Could you please explain that again?  ; Requesting clarification
::cla::Could you please clarify [something]?  ; Asking for specific clarifications

; Sharing Information
::tfl::Thank you for letting me know.  ; Acknowledging received information
::rem::Just a quick/friendly reminder that...  ; Providing a reminder
::kmi::Please keep me informed/posted/updated.  ; Request to stay informed

; Getting and Giving Approval
::lmo::Please let me know if this is OK with you.  ; Seeking confirmation or approval
::tht::What are your thoughts (on this)?  ; Asking for opinion
::wnt::We just need the thumbs up/the green light.  ; Waiting for approval

; Scheduling
::shc::I'd like to schedule a meeting on [day] if you are available/free then.  ; Proposing a meeting time
::avb::Would you be available on [day]?  ; Checking availability

; Giving Bad News
::ufn::Unfortunately, ...  ; Beginning a sentence with bad news
::iaf::I'm afraid it will not be possible to...  ; Expressing inability to comply
::reg::We regret to inform you that...  ; Formally giving bad news

; Closing Lines When a Response is Expected
::ilf::I look forward to hearing from you (soon).  ; Anticipating a reply
::plk::Please let me know if that’s okay.  ; Requesting confirmation on a matter

; Offering Help or Information
::ifn::If you need any more information, please don’t hesitate to contact us.  ; Offering further assistance
::hlp::I hope this is of your help.  ; Hoping the information provided is helpful

; Apologies
::tfa::Thank you for your understanding/for your patience.  ; Expressing gratitude for patience or understanding
::aop::We apologize for any inconvenience caused.  ; Apologizing for inconvenience

; Friendly Ways to Say ‘Bye’
::brg::Best regards.  ; Professional sign-off
::atb::All the best.  ; Wishing well in a friendly manner
